1 The Internet vs WWW
  1) The Internet is a massive network of networks, it's a networking
infrastructure. Any computer can communicate with any other as long as they
are both connected to the Internet.
  2) Information travels over the Internet via various protocols.
  3) The WWW is an information-sharing model that builds on top of the
Internet via HTTP protocol.
  4) The WWW is just one of the way that information can be disseminated over
the Internet. The Internet is also used for e-mail, which uses SMTP, Usenet
news groups, instant message and FTP and so on. So the WWW or the Web, is just
a portion of the Internet.
  5) The Internet and the WWW are not synonymous, and should not be confused.

2 What is a Web Server
  1) Web Server can refer either to the entire computer system, an appliance,
or specifically to the software that accepts and supervises the requests from
the Web Clients.
  2) The primary function of a web server is to store, process and deliver web
pages to clients, in this case, the communication between client and server
takes place using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol(HTTP). Pages delivered are
most frequently HTML documents. 
  3) The Web Server can also be found embedded in devices such as printers,
routers, webcams and serving only a local network.

3 When the Web Server is used to store, process and deliver web pages, it is
able to map the path component of a Uniform Resource Locator(URL) into:
  > A local file system resource(for static requests)
  > An internal or external program name(for dynamic requests)
  examples, when a client request this URL:
    http://www.example.com/path/file.html 
  the client's agent(usually a web browser) wll translate it into a connection
to the server called www.example.com plus a verb called GET:
  GET /path/file.html HTTP/1.1
  HOST: www.example.com
  the server called www.example.com will then look for /path/file.html under
its web root folder.

4 Kernel-mode and user-mode web servers
  A web server can be either incororated into the OS kernel, or in user
space(like other regular applications).
  A in-kernel web server(like Microsoft IIS or TUX) will usually work faster,
because, as part of the system, it can directly use all the hardware resource
it needs, such as non-paged memory, CPU time-slices, network adapters, or
buffers.
  A Web server runs in user-mode has to ask the system for permission to use
more memory or more CPU resources. Not only do these requests to kerne take
time, but they are not always satisfied because the system reserves resources
for its own usage and has the responsibility to share hardware resources with
all the other running applications.

5 
