>> From wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_management_system

1 What is a CMS?

  CMS: content management system, is an application to store and organize files
, and provide version-controlled access to their data.
  WCMS: web content management system, is an HTML-based CMS.

2 What functions does a CMS or WCMS provide?
  1) a central repository containing contents
  2) a CMA as the front-end for the users to manipulate contents
  3) a CDA that compiles the information and updates it to the presentation la-
yer(the Web Pages)

>> From
>> www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/03/05/10-things-to-consider-when-choosing-the-
perfect-cms

3 10 aspects to review a CMS application:
  1) Core functionality:
    Creating, deleting, editing and organizing pages. These functionalities are
  assumed as granted. How intuitive are these functionalities are presented?
  2) The editor:
    The editor is the interface through which content is added and amended. How
  is the editor of the CMS is designed? Ensure the editor is designed on the
  principle that the editor does not give the content providers control over
  the appearance(separation of the content and the presentation).
  3) Managing assets:
    Management of images and files is critical in CMS. Consider a CMS that
  provides basic image editing tools, such as cropping, resizing and rotating.
    Also consider how the content management system deals with uploading and
  ataching PDFs, Word documents and other files. How are they displayed to end
  users? Can descriptions be attached to the files, and is the search function
  capable of indexing them?
  4) Search
    Search is an important aspect of any website. Approximately half of all
  users start with search when looking for content. Here are a few things to
  look for when assessing search functionality:
    a) Freshness: how often does the search engine index the website? This is
    especially important when the website changes regularly.
    b) Thoroughness: does it index the entire content of each page? What about
    attached files, such as PDFs, Word, Excel and PowerPoint documents?
    c) Speed
    d) Scope, can you limit the scope of the search function to a particular
    section or refine search results once returned?
    e) Ranking, how does the search engine determine the ranking of results?
    Can this be customized by either the website owner or user?
    f) Customization, can you control how results are displayed and customize
    the design?
  5) Customization
    The CMS's presentation should not be dictated by technology. Otherwise it
  will put unreasonable constraints on the design and seriously impact
  accessibility.
    You need a content management system that allows flexibility in the way
  content is retrieved and presented.
  6) User interaction
    If you want to gather user feedback, or host a community on your website,
  then you require functionality such as chat, forums, comments and ratings.
  At the minimum, you need to be able to post forms and collect responses. How
  easy does the CMS make this process? Can your CMS allow you to communicate
  with your customers?
  7) Roles and permissions
    As the number of content providers on your website increases, you'll want
  more control over who can edit what. You'll need a CMS that supports multiple
  roles. This can be as simple as having one "Editor" and one "Approver" role,
  or more complex with customized roles and different levels of permission.
    Enterprise-level CMS even supports entire workflows in which page updates
  have to go through a series of checkpoints before going live. These complex
  scenarios require the ability to rollback pages to previous versions.
  8) Versioning
    Being able to revert to a previous version of a page allows you to quickly
  recover if something is posted by accident.
    Some content management systems have complex versioning functionality that
  allows you to rollback to a specific date. However, in most cases, this is
  overkill. The most common use of versioning is simply reverting to the last
  saved state.
  9) Multiple website support
    Some CMS allows you to run multiple websites.
  10) Multilingual support
    We live in a multicultural society in which numerous languages are spoken,
  being able to accommodate these differences gives you a significant edge over
  the competition.
  
  Conclusion
  Don't let your requirements becomes a wish list. Keep your requriements to a
  minimum, but at the same time keep an eye on the future.
    
