>>> Why this book is unlike any book you've ever read
1 When I say a good software developer, I'm not talking about being good at wr-
 iting codes, solving problems, or hacking out unit tests. Instead, I'm talk-
 ing about being a good software developer in terms of managing your career,
 reaching your goals, and enjoying your life.
2 This book is about you, right, your career, your life, your body, and your
 mind, and--if you believe there is such a thing--your soul.
3 I embrace a holistic approach to software development. This means that I
 think that if you want to be a better software developer--a better anything,
 really--you need to focus on the entire person, not just one or two areas of
 your life.
4 The books are categorized into 4 topics:
 a career
 b mind
 c body
 d spirit

>>> Section 1 Career

1 The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for
 somebody else. Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come
 from the individual. Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your c-
 areer! by Earl Nightingale
2 Few software developers actively manage their careers. But the most success-
 ful developers don't arive at success by chance. They have a goal in mind and
 they create a solid and well-thought-out plan to achieve that goal. If you
 really want to succeed in the competitive world of software development, you
 need to do more than just polish your resume and take whatever job you happen
 to get. You need to think things through and decide what actions you should 
 take, when you should take them, and how you should go forward with them.
3 Getting started with a "BANG!": Don't do what everyone else does.
 * Which firework do you want your software development career to be like? The
 one that explodes high in the air with a loud bang, or the one that reaches
 altitude and then quietly falls back to the ground?
4 Having a business mindset
  4.1 Most software developers starting out in their careers make a few huge
 mistakes. The biggest of those mistakes, by far, is not treating their softwa-
 re development career as a business.
  4.2 When you set out into the world to write code for a living, you're no
 different than the blacksmith of old times setting up shop i a medieval town.
 Times may have changed, and most of us work for a company, but our skills and
 our trade belong to us and we can always choose to set up shop somewhere else.
  4.3 This kind of mindset is crucial to managing your career, because when you
 start to think of yourself as a business, you start to make good business dec-
 isions. When you're used to getting a regular paycheck that isn't really depe-
 ndent on your performance, it can be easy to develop a mindset that you're ju-
 st an employee of a company.
  4.4 While it's true that you may be an employee of a particular company at a-
 ny given time in your career, it's important to not let that particular role
 define you and your career.
  4.5 It's better to think of an employer as a customer for your business of 
 developing software. Viewing the relationship this way moves you from a posit-
 ion of powerlessness and dependency to one of autonomy and self-direction.
5 How to think like a business
  5.1 Let's talk about how to think about yourself as a business and what exac-
 tly that means.
  5.2 What makes up a business?  
   1) first you need to have a product or a service, a business without someth-
 ing to offer doesn't have a way to make money, because they have nothing to s-
 ell.
   2) What do you have to sell? What is your product or service?
   3) Most software developers are selling the service of developing software.
  In general, software developers are selling their ability to take an idea an-
  d make it into a digitized reality. --> The service you provide is to create
  software.
6 It's important to at least realize that having a product or service by itse-
 lf is not enough. You've actually got to be able to let potential customers
 know about that product or service if you want to make any money. Companies
 all over the world realize this key truth about business and that's why they
 spend so much money and effort on marketing.
7 As a software developer offering your service, you also have to be concerned
 with marketing. The better you market your offerings, the higher price you'll 
 be able to charge for your services and the more customers you'll potentially
 be able to attract.
8 So here is the advice:
  8.1 Focus on what service you're providing and how to market that service.
  8.2 Think about ways you can imporve your offerings.
  8.3 Think about how you can specialize that service you're providing to serve
 the needs of a particular type of client or industry.
  8.4 Focus on being a specialist who provides a very specialized set of servi-
 ces to a very particular type of client.(Remember, as a software developer lo-
 oking for a good job, you only really need to land one client).
  8.5 Think about how best to spread the world about your service and find your
 customers.
  
