1 What is a network protocol?
  1.1 In order for two computers to talk to each other, they must be speaking
 the same language, the network protocol is the language computer talks to ea-
 ch other.
  1.2 Network protocol is independent of OS, network card, or application you
 are using.
  1.3 The OSI(Open Systems Interconnection) Reference Model defines seven laye-
 rs of networking protocols.
2 what is a web server?
  2.1 A web server is an information technology that processes requests via net-
 work protocols.
  2.2 The first web server is developed by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989 to ease the
 exchange of information between scientists by using a hypertext system, it in-
 cludes a web server and a client:
    a A browser called WorldWideWeb(the client)
    b CERN httpd
3 Common fetures of a web server
  3.1 Virtual hosting, to serve many web sites using one IP address
  3.2 Large file support, to be able to serve files whose size is greater than
 2GB on a 32bit OS
  3.3 Bandwidth throttling, to limit the speed of responses in order to not sa-
 turate the network and to be able to serve more clients
  3.4 Server-side scripting, to generate dynamic web pages, still keeping web 
 server and website implementation separate from each other.
4 Path translation
  4.1 Web servers are able to map the path component of a URL into:
    a A local file system resource(for static requests)
    b An internal or external program name(for dynamic requests)
  4.2 For a static request the URL path specified by the client is relative to
 the web server's root directory.
5 Kernel-mode and user-mode web servers
  5.1 A web server can be either implemented into the OS kernel, or in user sp-
 ace(like other regular applications).
  5.2 An in-kernel web server(like IIS or TUX) will usually work faster, becau-
 se, as part of the system, it can directly use all the hardware resources it
 needs, such as non-paged memory, CPU time-slices, network adapters, or buffers 
  5.3 Web servers run in user-mode have to ask the system for permission to use
 more memory or more CPU resources. Not only do these requests to the kernel t-
 ake time, but they are not always satisfied because the system reserves resou-
 rces for its own usage and has the responsibility to share hardware resources
 with all the other running applications. Executing in user mode can also mean
 useless buffer copies which are another handicap for user-mode web servers.
6 Load limits
  6.1 A web server(program) has defined load limits, because it can handle only
 limited number of concurrent client connections(usually between 2 and 80,000,
 by default between 500 and 1,000) per IP address(and TCP port) and it can ser-
 ve a certain maximum number of requests per second depending on:
  * its own settings
  * the HTTP request type
  * whether the content is static or dynamic
  * wheter the content is cached, and
  * the hardware and software limitations of the OS of the computer on which 
 the web server runs.
  When a web server is near to or over its limit, it becomes unresponsive.
7 Hostnames and DNS
  7.1 In order to connect to a server, the client will first have to resolve
 the servername to an IP address - the location on the internet where the serv-
 er resides. Thus, in order for your web server to be reachable, it is necessa-
 ry that the servername be in DNS.
  7.2 More than one hostname may point to the same IP address, and more than
 one IP address can be attached to the same physical server. Thus, you can
 run more than one web site on the same physical server, using a feature called
 virtual hosts.
  7.3 If you are using a server that is not Internet-accessible, you can put
 host names in your hosts file in order to do local resolution, you might want
 to put a record in your hosts file to map a request for www.example.com to 
 your local system, for testing purposes. The entry would look like:
 127.0.0.1 www.example.com
  A host file will probably be located at /etc/hosts or C:\Windows\system32\etc\hosts
8 
