1 What is SQL Server Reporting Service(SSRS)?
  1.1 SSRS is a server-based reporting platform providing reporting
functionality.
  1.2 SSRS works within Visual Studio, and is integrated with SQL Server tools
and components.
  1.3 SSRS works with various relational, multidimensional, or XML-based
data sources.
  1.4 SSRS produces various formats of reports, such Excel or a Web-based
application(such as Sharepoint).
  1.5 With SSRS you can also create data alerts on reports and send Emails
when report data changes.
  1.6 Besides SSRS, SQL Server Services Suite also includes other services:
    >> SQL Server Analysis Services(SSAS)
      which enables users to construct special databases for fast analysis of
very large amounts of data.
    >> SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS)
      which enables users to integrate data from many sources outside SQL
Server.
    So that's: SSRS, SSAS, SSIS.

2 Features of SSRS
  2.1 SSRS provides a unique interface into Microsoft Visual Studio so that
developers as well as SQL administrators can connect to SQL databases and use
SSRS tools to format SQL reports.
  2.2 SSRS also provides a 'Report Builder' tool, which uses a RDL(Report
Definition Language)component that uses graphic icons in a GUI. In this way,
instead of writing code, the user can drag-and-drop graphic icons into an SSRS
report for most aspects of the SSRS report.
  2.3 Users can interact with the Report Server web service directly, or
instead use Report Manager, a web-based application that interfaces with the
Report Server web service. With Report Manager, users can view, subscribe to,
and manage reports as well as manage and maintain data sources and security
settings, it also deliver SQL Reports by e-mail, or place them on a file
share.
  2.4 Security is role-based and can be assigned on an individual item, such
as a report or data source, a folder of items, or site wide. Security roles
and rights are inherited and can be overloaded.
  2.5 One can view RDL reports by using the standalone Report Server that
comes with Microsoft SQL Server, or by using the ASP.NET ReportViewer web
control, or by using ReportViewer Windows Forms control. The latter methods
allow reports to be embedded directly into web pages or .NET Windows
applications.
  2.6 The ReportViewer control will process reports by:
    (a) server processing, where the report is rendered by the Report Server; or 
    (b) local processing, where the control renders the RDL file itself.
  2.7 SSRS also support ad-hoc reports: the designer develops a report schema
and deploys it on the reporting server, where the user can choose relevant
fields/data and generate reports. Users can then download the reports locally.
  2.8 SQL Server 2012 SP1 expands support for viewing reports to mobile
platforms, including Microsoft Surface, Apple iOS 6 and Windows Phone 8.
Publishing reports in Windows Azure is also supported.
